# VitUP-WWDC22
An iOS App to help managing time for work and exercise.
My playground is all about learning, researching, and testing a time management method called the Pomodoro technique. The Pomodoro Technique is a time management system that encourages people to work with the time they have rather than against it. This method divides the day into 25-minute sections separated by 5-minute breaks. In the pandemic era, the pomodoro technique helps me to stay productive during the quarantine work from home because I can divide all my tasks into small tasks that I can complete, just focus for 25-minutes and rest 5-minutes makes me think about what to do next and plan the session next 25-minutes. But the Pomodoro technique had some problems for me because my whole day looking at my monitor and less movement. And that's why I made a variation and turned it into an iOS app called VitUP, VitUP remains the same as the actual Pomodoro technique, but instead of doing nothing during breaks or being distracted by phone, I engaged you to do simple exercises like stretching, push ups and sit ups. These are the 3 main benefits that I really have, like firstly having something to do during breaks, I find that if I don't have anything in particular to do during my "breaks" I end up just being unproductive and actually more unfocused go to next session next 25-minute, sometimes work session never occurs because i get distracted by phone or whatever comes up, number 2, my body actually moving throughout day, simple exercises like stretching, push-ups and situps it's actually very easy to do and very simple if I break it down, and the third benefit is that this simple exercise actually makes me focus more on my work by activating my body and getting out of my head I really have a clear head going to my work sessions next. The playground should be fully experienced in 3 minutes, I tried to give you what I think is most important, so I created a work and exercise session, you can skip the session with skip button, so you can experience the app fully.
